[Music]
hello and welcome again to Pinay cooking
lessons were to be poor and adding a
little in I yes you guessed it right
onion rings so it took quite a request
my system our friends not in the dosa
PCL among the ingredients red laminating
for our onion rings
I support first ingredient chevrolet
lumina tonight onions the onions come in
different colors America ganito I red
onion Marin yellow at morandini man now
white om / latina tawa
so the C Papago Honolulu table given a
gamut is red onion kya Yunnan gamut in
adding for this recipe / cool even
classy no onion Armas preferred yoga
mitten I went in Yunnan de meeting in
your so Kumar reading from committing
new onion see to are you male lucky
customers maganda king the new onion
rings Kamala laughing onions and a
Grammy 10 so what I did with the onions
is I sliced it into rings and then I
separated the rings into lean legs the
Union pull in the rings the major
millennia in he will ACO and I plan to
use it's a backup Anglo 2n so I just
used you my outer rings veto parameter
Malala K you are ting resulting non
onion rings one in 1/4 cups now
all-purpose flour 1 egg this is 1
teaspoon of baking powder 1 teaspoon of
salt 1 cup non evaporated milk we will
also need panko breadcrumbs and of
course canola oil for frying at the
animal ingredients of a laminated for
our onion rings so far as I think
procedure what I have here is a small
bowl at one starting small bone marrow
and Picasa mastermind at in you're
adding flour you might be making powder
but in the rain you adding salt
he didn't have Halloween done a teensy
lamb down but blend together so partner
Holly not into my booty is a set-aside
moon Anatomy toe so I have here another
Bowl at King raccoon de yong at the egg
and then measure babbity indemnity know
at the end and then you add nothing
neato you add in milk then we mix that
in together so you set aside give
modernity neato some next step nothing
is a coconut then dessert in flour
mixture eat on a team aha onion rings
so gagawin lang that in gone down what
was snapped in or my hot knife in the
heart you onion instead ban so I don't
always say it's a mono videoscope arrow
kappa kappa nasa cocina hi oh I make it
a habit to wash your hands frequently
Lallu Papa Galaga and elkanah
cooked a Chaka Rhona ingredients Cassie
for parma of william contaminations in
your kitchen parenchyma casa de panamá
anak after a teen among members and
family
so once the protonated lad no I think
that the Medina onion rings with the
flour mixture in the mix that Anita by
labels adding egg and milk mixture
[Music]
so a tornado onion rings na Dhin if not
in the same flour mixture canina a
phenomenal I think that the meat in a
batter and the nettle I think panko
breading some next step negatory not in
the scope what I need is an onion ring
and then it be deep not intense adding
butter so make sure know well coated you
adding onion ring with a butter so
measure the top not in your excess and
then you coconut in it all with our
panko breading
then after nasi lemak oh Allah give me
not invito starting wire-wrap let's do
it again
squat I know onion really did not is
adding butter you see nothing you excess
and then code not end with our panko
breading so gagawin done nothing to hunt
down the code not in the hot item 18
pieces done onion rings so happy they
prepare nothing oh nothing onion rings
my papa any time now oil SAP an Sosa go
to manga one-inch none cooking oil and
Alleghany not been so came on and added
to a minute before not in kilogram
adding onion rings so our union of
prepare nut in the onion rings are
trading at iron afraid though so to
check them hot enough nobody wanting oil
for frying the dynamic and Thailand
chopstick so if you did nothing and do
Luna adding trap state and then cup of
available Buster bubbles and stuff and a
because to begin my unit I'm adding oil
up ready to die macht frei so if you're
fried like that then you add in Monga
onion rings so Machado my lavash I'm
wrapping a boil I could in agony over
crowd your I think pan on Magellan
brownish eternal napkin
[Music]
so four golden brown the garlic onion
ring and see the nativity sighting oil
at analogy analysis and play the mayor
on paper towel parameter being extra oil
yeah so go to in an opinion and um I
find that in the hot your attic onion
rings so goggling kind and dipping sauce
butter starting onion rings now your
kuan-yin cycling you actually not dip
for quite a young comedian dito sa ranch
convening goes to Nina or you mayor
Nagin Luallen ketchup but for today
we're going to make our own dipping
sauce
so my dreams okay now and nothing for
our dipping sauce I half a cup down
sorry cream
about a tablespoon of milk and Frank's
redhot original sauce so cool my behind
favorite hot sauce beginnig um it's a
Baha'i waiting in anger meeting your
parakeet also dependency organic I'm how
you seduced a dipping sauce Nagar going
in your so I'm gonna put a tablespoon of
Frank's Red Hot Sauce we thought so who
boosted you know must mom help up I
didn't take the gallo par or Co my Union
Amanda Machado mom hump added in above
us and you know artist somebody nothing
erotic milk so we mix them got into
together in conclusion am a smile have
nobody no fighting the de gallo pan and
company meal so this is how we're going
to serve our onion rings so how about my
anemic Pataki lamb is served Nanette in
a garden until you are nothing bodies in
lagina things agate not in dipping sauce
I'd finally but not into earlier man a
deep-fried onion being snapped n so
sinking simply under my Bible is not in
a paper sack until my ingredients at
dynamic Nadine so Santa Ana gusto and
applauding video for today's and up
women eternally kazakian so Hank
ancestors in Puglia maraming salamat
upon an odd
[Music]